then he brought me back to the door of
the temple and there was water flowing
from under the threshold of the temple
toward the east for the front of the
temple faced east the water was flowing
from under the right side of the temple
south of the altar he brought me out by
way of the north gate and led me around
on the outside to the outer gateway that
faces east and there was water running
out on the right side and when the man
went out to the east with the line in
his hand he measured 1000 cubits and
they brought me through the waters the
water came up to my ankles again he
measured 1000 and brought me through the
waters the water came up to my knees
again he measured 1,000 and brought me
through the water came up to my waist
again
he measured 1,000 and it was a river
that I could not cross well the water
was too deep
water in which one must swim a river
that could not be crossed he said to me
son of man
have you seen then he brought me and
returned me to the bank of the river
when I returned there along the bank of
the river were very many trees on one
side and the other this water flows
toward the eastern region goes down into
the valley and enters the scene when it
reaches the sea its waters are healed
and it shall be that every living thing
that moves
wherever the rivers go will live there
will be a very great multitude of fish
because these waters go there for they
will be healed and everything will live
wherever the river goes it shall be that
fisherman will stand by it from and gety
to any grain they will be places for
spreading their nets their fish will be
of the same kinds as the fish of the
great sea exceedingly many but it's
swamps and marshes will not be healed
they will be given over to salt along
the bank of the river on this side and
that will grow all kinds of trees used
for food their leaves will not with
and their fruit will not fail they will
bear fruit every month because their
water flows from the century their fruit
will be for food and their leaves for
medicine thus says the Lord God these
are the borders by which you shall
divide the land as an inheritance among
the 12 tribes of Israel
Joseph shall have two portions you shall
inherit it equally with one another for
I raised my hand in an oath to give it
to your fathers and this land shall fall
to you as your inheritance this shall be
the border of the land on the north from
the Great Sea by the road to haslam as
one goes to Z dad hey math paratha
sibron which is between the border of
damascus and the border of hey math -
haze' hat akan which is on the border of
Haram
thus the boundary shall be from the sea
- hey Zarina the border of Damascus and
as for the north northward it is the
border of hey math this is the north
side on the east side
you shall mark out the border from
between harren and Damascus and between
Gilead and the Land of Israel along the
Jordan and along the eastern side of the
sea
this is the east side the south side
toward the South shall be from Tamar to
the waters of Meribah
by Kadesh along the brook to the Great
Sea this is the south side toward the
south
the Westside shall be the Great Sea from
the southern boundary until one comes to
a point opposite hey month this is the
west side thus you shall divide this
land among yourselves according to the
tribes of Israel it shall be that you
will divide it by lot as an inheritance
for yourselves and for the strangers who
dwell among you and who bear children
among you they shall be to you as
native-born among the children of Israel
they shall have an inheritance with you
among the tribes of Israel and it shall
be that in whatever tribe the stranger
dwells there you shall give him his
inheritance says the Lord God
[Music]